hello everybody mark player 1501 here
and I'm about to watch budget impasse by
the same guy you know Rainbow Dash
presents some more dogs somewhere so
yeah down somewhere else see so well I
saw Princess Celestia on the thumbnail
so I have no idea what this is all about
so I was just a one-minute video so
let's get into it play button in 321
play all right I think you'll agree to
saludar I am NOT dressing as a banana
you quit wow princess molestia everyone
is a banana it is your civic duty look I
have been making compromises my new
provision only makes you dress as a
banana during state functions my gun in
the budget plan Luna well how else am I
supposed to get you to dress as a banana
you have refused to be open to
negotiation to know we have two weeks to
agree on a proper budget two weeks later
holy shit
the fuck started see hmm well the
politics is way different than I
imagined blue oh great yeah Christ guy
has been for Lord for load what oh my
god wait wait wait wait let me just let
me just let me just oh my God look for
the left for Silesia space oh oh Jesus
Oh Mike oh that was funny yes funny oh
so that's the reason why princess Alexa
doesn't want to dress up as a banana and
well we came you should have just left
us a banana Celestia I'm Nightmare Moon
Nightmare Moon Oh guys help me help me
though okay guys thank you so much for
watching like comment subscribe if you
want to you can share this with your
abode your friends if you want L will
see you in the next video bye bye oh my
God look at this princess celestia